Hi, my name is Andrei, but everybody calls me Andre. I'm from Italy, I'm 25 years old, I enjoy games, books and films about dystopian futures and horror/thriller/psychological genre in general. I really enjoy working with statistics and piling up data, especially when it becomes useful for videogames.

I recently started playing Fire Emblem and found myself captivated by the genre and the mechanics. Although the last game has become a weeaboo party, with characters more colored than reality itself during an LSD induced panic attack, I really enjoy planning the best paths for characters, to maximize their skills and to work with stats. 
During my research and experiences with all the websites about FE none of them gave me fully what I was looking for, so I decided to make my own tools to check the stats of a character much faster and with more informations. For this experience I started with Fire Emblem Three Houses - I really enjoyed the game, it has some exagerated elements in their design, but nothing too extreme like FE Engage - I plan to make a website where people can simply insert the name of the character they are interested in and receive all the informations about it, like the highest stat, the lowest, an average of their stats, what class you should teach them to reach their full potential much faster, or if you want, you could check the average stats of the entire house, see in what they excel, for example the Golden Deer have a higher stat in dexterity. 

If you happen to read my repository and think "man, this guys sucks at this", keep in mind I started working with javascript a few weeks ago at the time of writing this, and prior to this I have 0 experience with programming. I don't know how often I will upload the files, I'm still studying and in general I tend to procrastinate way too much and play videogames, especially Zelda. For now I will upload what I recently did and use this repository as a collection of my progress... if any. If you happen to stumble here and want to give me some advice please do, I always appreciate to learn from people with more experience.

Bye bye ~
